# FootyProject

This is a PHP web application that allows users to register their teams for the competition. The users can also add players to their registerd teams. Users can view fixtures, results, team and player statistics as the competition plays on. The user and the admin could access the webpage. The webpage is connected to the relational database and pulls information from the database as requested by the user. The teams, their fixtures and the statistics from the results would be inputted into the database by the admin and the users would be able to view this information on the webpage. 

A user cannot self-enrol into the application. He will be provided with a username and a temporary password by the admin at his email address that can be changed after he logs into the system. The system will check all user inputs for their username and passwords using their login credentials. These will be stored in the database as a hash with a random salt. This salt is a random string of the hash which increases the randomness. The login page will only allow the use of alphanumeric characters for the username. The application will make use of sessions to check authentication. Sessions would be generated when the user logs in. It would be open for an hour after which the user would have to log back in. The application will use HTTPS to prevent password snooping. Therefore, the application will encrypt the content of the traffic. This makes the application more reliable, available and secure.
Additionally, the application will also prevent brute force attacks. If a user fails 5 login attempts, the system will redirect the user to a text page which will state that no further logins will be permitted. Thereafter it will not allow the user to login to the system for a period of 24 hours.This application will also have a whitelist, allowing certain members like the admin to get a free entry into the system without being blocked by the system at the login page in the case of wrong password entries. The admin will have the advantage to view the failed login attempts against their IP addresses.To prevent SQLi injection from users, prepared statements would be used. The application would check for integers and to prevent XSS scripting attacks, special characters and tags would be removed.
